<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

<p align='center'>
  <img src='https://github.com/tunebond/link/blob/make/view/link.svg?raw=true' height='256'>
</p>

<h3 align='center'>link</h3>
<p align='center'>
  A Data Modeling Language
</p>

<br/>
<br/>
<br/>

## Welcome

Link Text is a little more than a markup language, tending toward a
programming language. In fact, it can be used for a programming
language. It is a way to model information and computation in an easy to
read and write format, suitable for hierarchical note taking and other
means of capturing data down into structured form.

Check out the [Base Link Book](note/readme.md) for the most up-to-date
info on the project! Specifically the pages on Syntax, for a detailed
spec on Link Text.

## License

Copyright 2021-2023 <a href='https://tune.bond'>TuneBond</a>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

## TuneBond

This is being developed by the folks at [TuneBond](https://tune.bond), a
California-based project for helping humanity master information and
computation. Find us on[Twitter](https://twitter.com/tunebond),
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tunebond), and
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/tunebond). Check out our other
[GitHub projects](https://github.com/tunebond) as well!
